mis_builder_total_committed_purchase/README.rst, before:

====================================
MIS Builder Total Committed Purchase
====================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fmis--builder--contrib-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/mis-builder-contrib/tree/15.0/mis_builder_total_committed_purchase
    :alt: OCA/mis-builder-contrib
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/mis-builder-contrib-15-0/mis-builder-contrib-15-0-mis_builder_total_committed_purchase
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/277/15.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

Addon to create a alternative source based on all purchase order lines with MIS Builder : all the purchase orders that are not in draft or cancelled state are taken into account.

The account_id of the committed purchase bases itself on the product's account_id if set

-   If not, it bases itself on the product_category's account_id if set

    -   If not, it bases itself on the first set account_id on five generations of parent_category

        -   If none of them is set, it bases itself on the default value for new resources

            - Finally if it's not set, the account_id is set to 0


**Needed improvement :**

It would be better if the account_id tried to base itself on all the generations of parent_category, as long as it is set.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

This module provides a committed purchase view model, showing all purchases confirmed

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

The mis_builder `roadmap <https://github.com/OCA/mis-builder/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aenhancement>`_
and `known issues <https://github.com/OCA/mis-builder/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Abug>`_ can
be found on github.

Changelog
=========

15.0.1.0.1 (2022-11-24)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Features**

- Add the product_id to the mis_builder_total_committed_purchase.

15.0.1.0.0 (2022-08-30)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Features**

- Add an addon to create a alternative source based on PO lines with MIS Builder, based on (`MIS Builder Demo <https://github.com/OCA/mis-builder/tree/15.0/mis_builder_demo>`_) addon.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/mis-builder-contrib/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/mis-builder-contrib/issues/new?body=module:%20mis_builder_total_committed_purchase%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ACSONE SA/NV
* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Stéphane Bidoul <stephane.bidoul@acsone.eu>
* Arnaud Pineux <arnaud.pineux@acsone.eu>
* Camille Morand <camille.morand@camptocamp.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/mis-builder-contrib <https://github.com/OCA/mis-builder-contrib/tree/15.0/mis_builder_total_committed_purchase>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[16.0][MIG] mis_builder_total_committed_purchase: Migration to 16.0

mis_builder_total_committed_purchase/README.rst, after:

====================================
MIS Builder Total Committed Purchase
====================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fmis--builder--contrib-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/mis-builder-contrib/tree/16.0/mis_builder_total_committed_purchase
    :alt: OCA/mis-builder-contrib
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/mis-builder-contrib-16-0/mis-builder-contrib-16-0-mis_builder_total_committed_purchase
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/webui/builds.html?repo=OCA/mis-builder-contrib&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

Addon to create a alternative source based on all purchase order lines with MIS Builder : all the purchase orders that are not in draft or cancelled state are taken into account.

The account_id of the committed purchase bases itself on the product's account_id if set

-   If not, it bases itself on the product_category's account_id if set

    -   If not, it bases itself on the first set account_id on five generations of parent_category

        -   If none of them is set, it bases itself on the default value for new resources

            - Finally if it's not set, the account_id is set to 0


**Needed improvement :**

It would be better if the account_id tried to base itself on all the generations of parent_category, as long as it is set.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

This module provides a committed purchase view model, showing all purchases confirmed

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

The mis_builder `roadmap <https://github.com/OCA/mis-builder/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aenhancement>`_
and `known issues <https://github.com/OCA/mis-builder/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Abug>`_ can
be found on github.

Changelog
=========

15.0.1.0.1 (2022-11-24)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Features**

- Add the product_id to the mis_builder_total_committed_purchase.

15.0.1.0.0 (2022-08-30)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Features**

- Add an addon to create a alternative source based on PO lines with MIS Builder, based on (`MIS Builder Demo <https://github.com/OCA/mis-builder/tree/15.0/mis_builder_demo>`_) addon.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/mis-builder-contrib/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/mis-builder-contrib/issues/new?body=module:%20mis_builder_total_committed_purchase%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ACSONE SA/NV
* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Stéphane Bidoul <stephane.bidoul@acsone.eu>
* Arnaud Pineux <arnaud.pineux@acsone.eu>
* Camille Morand <camille.morand@camptocamp.com>
* `Trobz <https://trobz.com>`_:
    * Dzung Tran <dungtd@trobz.com>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The migration of this module from 15.0 to 16.0 was financially supported by Camptocamp

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/mis-builder-contrib <https://github.com/OCA/mis-builder-contrib/tree/16.0/mis_builder_total_committed_purchase>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
